Hackathon Challenge 1: Smarter Talent Matching Right now, we manage one of our most important
processes — matching available engineers with client opportunities — using a big spreadsheet. This
sheet tracks details like: ● Status (available, rolling off soon, etc.) ● Engineer info (name,
email, resume, country) ● Current/Recent client ● Skills (primary/secondary tech stack,
FE/BE/Fullstack) ● Industry experience ● Key dates (last day, return date, notice date, expected end
date) ● Potential landing spot ● Pipeline matches ● Skills (technical, professional, soft/team
skills) ● Geo + employment type ● Notes + utilization + target rate 👉 The problem: spreadsheets are
messy, manual, and hard to scale. It’s difficult to quickly filter, search, and match engineers with
client opportunities. As we grow, we need a smarter way to do this. 🛠 Your Challenge Build a web
app that makes this process easier, faster, and smarter. ● Data management: Make it easy to add,
update, and search engineer data. ● Search & filters: Let managers quickly filter engineers by
skills, availability, geo, or industry. ● AI-powered matching: Suggest possible matches (engineer ↔
client), and if possible, rank them by fit. Bonus if AI explains why it suggested a match. ●
Proactive insights: Track transitions — who’s rolling off soon, who’s a potential match — and
generate notifications (in-app or email/Slack). ● Data cleanup (optional): Can AI spot missing info,
duplicates, or inconsistencies? 💡 What We Expect ● A working prototype of a talent-matching
platform. ● ⚠ The system must have Google Single Sign-On (SSO) so only internal people can access
the application. ● Use AI tools (Cursor, Copilot, ChatGPT, Claude, Replit, Lovable, etc.) to speed
up development and build smart features. ● Think both product + technical solution: ○ What’s the
minimum data we need to capture? ○ How should we visualize it? (dashboards, search, filters, alerts)
○ How can AI make this process proactive, not reactive? ✅ Scope Clarifications ● Use sample/mock
data — no need to integrate with HR/ATS systems. ● This is for internal managers only, not
client-facing. ● Notifications can be basic (in-app or email/Slack). ● The goal is a functional
prototype, not a perfect production system. ● ⚡ But the more complete and polished your system is,
the higher your chances to win.
